[MC-657] New workflow - Unquarantine Host in FireEye HX from Microsoft Teams (#525)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Unquarantine_Host_in_FireEye_HX_from_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Description

This workflow unquarantines the host in FireEye HX via Microsoft Teams command and sends the information back to the Microsoft Teams channel.

Sample Microsoft Teams Trigger Command:

`!unquarantine-host example_host`

# Key Features

* Unquarantine hosts 

# Requirements

* [Microsoft Teams](https://insightconnect.help.rapid7.com/docs/microsoft-teams)
* FireEye HX credentials

# Documentation

## Setup

Import the workflow from the Rapid7 Extension Library and proceed through the Import Workflow wizard in InsightConnect. Import plugins, create or select connections, and rename the workflow as a part of the Import Workflow wizard as necessary.

This workflow leverages InsightConnect's Parameters feature. This feature allows variables used multiple times throughout a workflow to be entered once and then referenced throughout the workflow.

> There are two parameters you will need to configure in order to complete setup of your workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parameters you will need to be configured in order to complete setup of your workflow:
```

> * Team Name: The Microsoft Teams team name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered and respond

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Team Name: The Microsoft Teams team name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered from and where it responds to
```

> * Channel Name: The Microsoft Teams channel name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered and respond (the channel should exist in the aforementioned team)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Channel Name: The Microsoft Teams channel name in your environment where the workflow should be triggered from and where responds to (the channel should exist in the aforementioned team)
```
